release: v1.45.1 (#5009)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_garypen_router_236_dd_mapping.md

> ### Use subgraph.name attribute not apollo.subgraph.name ([PR #5012](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5012))
> 
> The Datadog exporter does some explicit mapping of attributes and was using a value "apollo.subgraph.name" that the latest versions of the router don't use. The correct choice is "subgraph.name".
> 
> This meant that subgraph name mapping did not work correctly in 1.45.0.
> 
> Update the mapping to reflect the change and fix subgraph name mapping for Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fix subgraph name mapping of Datadog exporter ([PR #5012](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5012))

Previously in the router v1.45.0, subgraph name mapping didn't work correctly in the router's Datadog exporter. The exporter used the incorrect value `apollo.subgraph.name` for mapping attributes when it should have used the value `subgraph.name`. This issue has been fixed in this release.
```
